Create docs for Supabase (#352)
redwoodjs/redwoodjs.com: docs/authentication.md

See the Firebase information within this doc's [Auth Provider Specific Integration](https://redwoodjs.com/docs/authentication.html#auth-provider-specific-integration) section.
+++

### Supabase

+++ View Installation and Setup

#### Installation

The following CLI command will install required packages and generate boilerplate code and files for Redwood Projects:

```terminal
yarn rw generate auth supabase
```

#### Setup

> You will need to add your Supabase URL and key to your .env file. See: https://supabase.io/docs/library/getting-started#reference'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to add your Supabase URL and Client API Key to your .env file (e.g., `SUPABASE_KEY`). See: https://supabase.io/docs/library/getting-started#reference
```

There are two API keys for Supabase: Client (which is public and should be used for Auth) and Service (which is private and gives *full* access to the project). Can help to guide the user to set the Client API Key -- not Service.
